Like, find me on x.com. That just sounds dirty to you.
You're going to do that.
Yeah, you can find my profile on x.com.
What's fun is when the predominant thing, the thing that's taking all of your emotional
and physical energy in your life, when you can't talk about it, that's a lot of fun.
That's a lot of fun.
I love getting on a podcast and talking about other things that I haven't been thinking
about.
That's fun.
Yeah, you've got to pretend, you're at the fake person.
And you imagine there's people that do this professionally, right?
Like, I don't know, who does this professionally?
Like podcast professionals?
Which is that?
Just people that are like entertainers on TV, like late night talk show hosts, like people
that are just on everything.
Oh, yeah.
They go through stuff.
Occasionally, they're going through a difficult situation.
And then they just, they have to act like everything's fine.
Everything's fine.
I guess the cat's out of the bag now.
Oh, man.
This is a, you're just teasing everyone.
Everyone loves to hear juicy stuff.
Sorry.
No, I'll just go ahead and divert away.
Because I really can't talk about it.
And that's the thing that sucks.
But I do want to say, I just saw on Twitter, I mean, X, that LK99, the dream is dead.
And that's some bad news.
I saw that post this morning too.
I was actually just going through the comments right before this.
I don't know.
Like I said, in the last podcast, I don't know what to make of any of it.
So I'm like, is it dead?
Is this person trustworthy?
Like, is what they're saying makes sense?
Yeah, they may sound so official.
They said this is as official as it'll get.
As they said, I don't know what that means though, whoever that person was that tweeted
it.
Whenever I tweet, I'm just going to add on there.
This is official.
It's going to get.
Yeah.
This is official.
It's going to get.
It's just he's the best.
Yeah.
There you go.
Say how that works.
Yeah.
That's, I mean, well, yeah, I guess we'll see.
I mean, I did see that prediction markets are still at 25%.
So it's going to take over.
Oh, really?
So the markets weren't swayed by that one post on X.com.
It probably takes time to build it up where, like, you know, you hear news, you kind of
denial anything about it, then you're like, yeah.
Yeah.
So I think the claim in the tweet was that it is levitate.
It does have a levitating effect, but it's not super connected.
It's the claim.
Yeah.
I guess it's just from normal.
Dymagnet or whatever.
There's fun stuff we can do with levitation, right?
I mean, I mean, it's just a magnet than the date.
It's not super-conductor.
Oh, bummer.
But it might be really hard to make magnet.
It might be.
Yeah.
Really hard to make.
I mean, there might be other special properties of it because it's not a typical magnet.
So I don't know.
The silver lining to me is that it does seem like the whole world was woke up to the fact
that, like, we still don't know anything.
There's still so many combinations of materials and things that people could, like, there's
a lot of progress to be made.
Even if this wasn't it, I feel like you just don't even think about, like, a new material
could surface that changes the world.
It's not an area I was thinking about.
It's like, I think about the internet.
I think about what else do I think about, I don't know, physics discoveries?
I don't know.
But I don't think about material science.
And now I do.
Now I'm thinking about those people in the lab, mesh in different things together and
figure and stuff out.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Yeah.
I think it's funny because I read two comments this morning that were polar opposites.
One was just some salty, cynical person being like, this is why the media shouldn't hype
up this stuff.
Now, public trust in science has been eroded.
I was like, what the hell is this guy talking about?
I think I had the opposite reaction.
Then that's another comment that wasn't replying to this person.
It was a completely separate comment that was like, oh, well, you know, even it doesn't
work out.
This was awesome because like the whole world got to like get into this and it was inspiring
to see.
And I think it was like very positive even even if it doesn't end up being a thing like,
I can't see it as anything besides inspiring that like, there's moments like this of like
something this impactful that can happen.
So I saw it as entirely positive, but yeah, it's just people, I think we'll just see it
through whatever lens they want to see.
I have an all new respect for like chemists and people who know this stuff.
It's like, I'm sure people feel this way when they hear people talk about technology,
like internet technology and web stuff, but it just kind of blows your mind to watch these
people talk on Twitter.
Like the things they understand that are so foreign and just seem like this whole other
language.
I don't know.
I've been very impressed with that whole field and I didn't even know it existed honestly.
I thought we invented all the materials a long time ago.
Yeah.
It's funny because you imagine, I guess for me, I imagine like, okay, production of materials,
that's like some big industrial optimized process that happens in these like crazy factories.
But of course, there's like a non-scaled version of making anything.
So it was funny to see people make this stuff at home using just like their hands and like
some basic, not literally at home, like in a lab, obviously, but yeah, it's just interesting
for me to see that yeah, no matter what the industrial processes for anything, there is
like a more like amateur version of it that they would have discovered first before scaling
it up.
So it was cool to see that side of it where, yeah, you can literally make any material.
Obviously they're making like crazy small amounts.
Yeah.
It's actually funny how small the amount is given how much it goes into it.
Look at this.
Like it's moving.
Exactly.
But it is cool to see that technically you can build all that home.
It would be like for us if someone, and I've seen this people do this where people build
a CPU at home.
Oh, for real?
Yeah.
Have you seen the thing with a toaster?
No.
There was this guy, I'll look it up and I'll find it later.
His goal was to build a toaster with zero, literally from scratch.
What that means?
Have you seen this?
Yeah.
I think you told me about it.
Okay.
It just like mines the ore and like it doesn't turn out great, but he actually did it like
it worked.
It looks like a piece of shit.
It looks so much worse than you could even imagine, but I think he did do it.
It's incredible how hard it is and really makes you appreciate the harmony that the world
works good.
The collective humanity efforts.
Yeah.
I've heard that that's like what we're good at.
That humans separated from other species by being good at working together.
Is that am I summarizing that?
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, we talked about those before where our ancestors were individually smarter from
what we can tell like brain size and just more individually impressive people.
But their capabilities are like a fragment of what even the least capable person can do
now.
Yeah.
That book, I feel like I've probably already said this on the podcast.
I don't care.
The rational optimist starts off and kind of talks about like he's sitting at his desk.
And like all the things that were made from all the countries around the world, like I'm
drinking coffee from Columbia and I'm coffee cup was whatever, you know, made in Taiwan
and the desk is, you know, you got the silicon manufacturing and the mining and all the millions
of people involved in just this like simple setup at his desk where he's reading a book.
It's pretty crazy.
Yeah.
My favorite part about this always makes fun of me because I'm going to play too much.
My favorite part about that whole system is it just relied on people being selfish.
It didn't rely on like people like loving each other and like being friends and working
harmony.
Everyone just operating their own self interest and somehow like it comes together in a overall
positive way.
Is that capitalism?
Is that basically what capitalism is or am I missing?
Yeah.
I think I think it's a good system in that you can redirect people's natural incentives
towards something that is so productive for everyone.
Obviously there's like holes and gaps in this, but generally speaking, like that does happen
and all like I go to work and I help a bunch of people build stuff just because I'm selfish.
Yeah.
Like it's not really it's a nice for me to help other people, but like let's be honest.
I mean, that's not hard to believe though.
Yeah.
You're kind of a jerk.
Like everyone.
They understand that.
But think of like really kind people.
They do it for themselves too.
Yeah.
Am I a jerk?
Am I as honest?
Adam, you're not a jerk.
You're just you're honest.
You're so honest.
And you're so it's actually real kindness is that you're honest with people like that's
the East Coast thing, right?
I like this.
Yeah.
I've seen you in forever.
And we don't really talk now outside of the podcast.
Like we're not like DMing every day, like we used to.
Did we use to?
Yeah.
I feel like the podcast is like enough of a we stay in touch twice a week, you know?
And this thing it's like a big social part of my week where we do this twice a week.
So it was kind of weird this last week.
Yeah.
So we just I took like one day off or we took a day off and I think I said on like the last
podcast we recorded like I guess someday we'll take like a week off and I don't know
why I didn't realize I was going to be gone the next week.
So the reason that didn't occur to me.
We went to like a Lake Tahoe last week for like a company offsite.
Lake Tahoe is amazing.
Have you ever been to Lake Tahoe?
No, I haven't.
Okay.
Beautiful.
It's beautiful.
It's like everywhere you are in Lake Tahoe is beautiful.
It's like you hike up the mountain views of the lake.
You're on the lake views of the mountains.
It's just like mountains and like everywhere is really nice.
They have beaches, they're sand.
Oh, really?
Is it a huge lake where like it looks like an ocean?
Yeah, but you can see all the way around it.
Like you can see the whole perimeter.
It's not like a great lake where you don't like water to the horizon.
The water there, I guess it's known for it's clear water because it's all like snow melt
from the mountains in like the middle of it.
We went out on a boat and you can basically see the bottom anywhere in the lake.
Like it's that clear straight down and like lakes in Missouri.
Not so much.
You can't, you can't see like a foot in front of you.
You don't stick your arm down there because it's creepy.
So it's great.
A lot of swimming.
A lot of, we did some paddle boarding.
Was it warm?
It was very active.
Yeah.
It's like 70s.
Nice.
So down the mountain and like Reno, it's 100 every day, but you go up a few thousand feet
or whatever it is.
And yeah, it was beautiful.
70 degrees, something we were in the water or doing something moving.
One day I got 24,000 steps, which is like an entire week for me.
Like I get like 3000 a day when I'm not trying.
Wow.
So yeah, very active.
I was beat every night.
It slept really well.
Well, speaking of being active, I got to talk about what happened to me this weekend.
Yes, I heard.
Go ahead.
As we, I think I talked about a previous episode.
I'm getting into skinboarding and planning and getting into kiteboarding.
I was at the beach.
I was getting pretty good at it.
I was finally like having fun, skinboarding, I got the hang of it.
I was doing it and I went in to do another, so basically you get like run and then you
drop the board and jump on it.
Yeah.
Two steps into a run like halfway, like I was doing it for me like 15 minutes.
I just felt like a pop in the back of my knee and I kind of ignored it and I just jumped
on it anyway.
And then I just fell off right away and I was like, oh no, that feel or sound good.
And then I got up and I was like, damn, this hurts.
And then I like went over to Liz and she was recording me this whole time by the way.
Oh, don't video the thing.
It doesn't look like anything because like I didn't know I didn't like, you're not like
collapsing and screaming and grabbing your knee because that would be a hilarious city.
I'm sorry.
And it's just like, it just popped on its own.
It's like I like fell around and twins or it's just, it's just not a fun.
It's like she, she actually had it on cinematic mode when I was walking up to her.
So it's just me like slowly walking up being like, I hurt myself.
I'll say I'm going to post it later.
It's very epic moment of like triumph.
You just did your skin more than anything emerging from the ocean holding my board looking
really cool and being like, I pop my knee.
It hurts.
Yeah.
And then I got and I was like, I was like, it did a hurt by like walk.
We walked back and I came home.
Then later that day, like it was messed up, like my knee was swollen and I like could
barely walk.
And I was like, this sucks because these types of knee injuries are the type of thing that
you do at once.
And then it just becomes a thing that you're not constantly worried about.
And I was like, I, I know so many people in that situation, I don't want to be one of
those people.
So it's kind of bummed yesterday I woke up and I went from like not being able to walk
at all to like feeling almost 100% fine.
Are you serious?
That's the end of the story.
It's still, no, it's still like off.
There's something off about it.
Like I'm so careful moving on it.
I think if I like tried to move really like, I might aggravate it again, but yeah, it definitely
went from me feeling like I definitely need to go to the doctor and this might need something
to now me being like, okay, maybe it was just a strain.
I hope it's just like a minor tear or like just a strain, but we'll see.
Does it feel like there's more slack or anything like I tore my posterior cruciate playing basketball
in high school and I remember going to the bench and it was the weirdest feeling in the
world that like I felt like my leg in my shoe was like my foot was doing things in my shoe
that I just didn't make sense.
Yeah.
Have you had any of that kind of sensation?
Well, the second day when it was really bad, I like, I couldn't tell what was happening
because I feel like they forget how to walk because like everything just feels like wobbly
is out.
So that's what I thought is serious, but I think it was from the swelling and the swelling
like messed up the muscles because today now I feel pretty normal.
And the thing is there's so many little, I keep trying to look up what could have, like
which thing I could have messed up.
There's so many things in your knee.
It's like the most complicated thing possible.
There's a lot of stuff going on.
It really is.
And I'm like, I know exactly what makes it hurt.
So kind of like figure out what it is, but like even then it's like, I can feel exactly
where it hurts.
I know exactly the motion that makes it hurt.
Yeah.
But there's like a million things.
Like it's at the meniscus is the ACL is like one of the things that you meant.
There's like all these weirdly things in there.
It's a complicated joint like the PCO goes through the bone, like it goes through the
middle of the joint and then around it's wild.
Yeah, there's, but I'm one of those people that has like I will, my knee will swell for
the rest of my life like unless I'm completely sedentary, if I just go for walks every day,
like I've got swelling and I think it's to like stabilize it.
It's because of my, I don't really have a PCL in my left knee.
So I think by swelling, it keeps it a little more stable because that's mainly a stabilization
like it's just keeping it stable.
I think it's for good reason that it gets swollen, but it hurts.
I mean, it went, the more swollen it gets the more pressure and the more like bending
it hurts.
But what did you, when did you heard it?
How old were you?
I mean, I would have been like 16, 17.
Yeah.
I hate injuries like this because they're so like invisible.
I am fine breaking a bone.
I break a bone.
They said it heals.
It heals.
Okay.
Like there might be some issues, but it's just very straightforward.
But these like weird ligament tear things, it's just like, yeah, you never know what's
actually going on.
Yeah.
And when it's a lower leg thing, you end up favoring a lot like even after I bias, I
mean, like immediately after doing the physical therapy, I had surgery, everything was better
for a while.
But then eventually, like in older age and adulthood, I started playing basketball again.
It's like, I'm favoring it so bad that then you get all out of culture and it just messes
with everything.
It sucks.
Yeah.
So we're just getting old.
The dumb thing is, I'm like, okay, I'm going to pick water sports because they're not the
like low impact.
But then I guess technically it's like running on the sand is actually one of the like it's
actually very hard on your body.
Oh, yeah.
Because like you're, you're like constantly hitting it the ground at different angles
and your knee is like compensating for balance.
Yeah.
It's not a, not a nice level terrain there on the beach.
Exactly.
So I'm realizing, okay, that's, it's maybe isn't actually like a low injury risk.
And then people forget to fill in their holes, like we dig a lot of holes on the beach.
We fill them in.
But like, I don't know.
Did we do a good job?
I don't think, I mean, I, I'm not out there dodging holes for sure.
I'm hopeful that kiteboarding as, even though it is like a more intense thing, that one
I do think is like pretty low, like you can like injure yourself if you get like, like
sucked over land and like you fall from the sky, but that's again, a little bit more straightforward
than like is invisible thing happening into your knee because I, that you're just like
on the water and you're being pulled along.
It's not, it's not like anything that crazy.
Yeah.
But yeah, just injury sucks that they set you back.
I think the other thing that might have causes is the past month I've been going to the gym
like really hard, like I've been going into that lifting a lot.
Yeah.
I'm wondering if I like kind of overdid it somehow, but this also sucks.
Because now like I kind of lose that progress can't go bad.
Yeah.
That's, that's a big dilemma.
So I'm, I have told you, I'm into jiu-jitsu pretty into it.
But I know that big injury is going to come and then like all the, the like getting, I'm
so obsessed with it.
Like I want to just pour myself into it every day and you can't do that once you're hurt.
Like even now I've got little stuff just like Sunday, I went for the first time to like
an open mat, which they do every Sunday and it's just like people from other gyms show
up and it's just rolling.
There's no like holding back, you know, it's like a live role, like a street role.
Yeah.
So I got arm bard for anybody who listens to this and does jiu-jitsu.
I'm dumb and I'm brand new and I got like people mounted on me constantly.
I was in everyone's guard constantly.
And then a lot of the submissions were arm bars.
I did get choked once, but my left elbow, I definitely hyper extended.
Somebody went a little hard.
They were going for the gold medal, I think, and it's, it's still hurts.
And now every time I've trained since just the blood flow and like getting into it again,
it's like afterward when the adrenaline comes off, it's just achy, like real achy.
Yeah.
Everyone that does be jj says, uh, you will eventually get injured.
And it's rib stuff.
It's knees.
It's, it's stuff that's going to suck.
Yeah.
But I can't, I can't turn away.
I'm too into it.
Oh, my finger, uh, it doesn't hurt to type.
But like my pinky finger, my left pinky finger is so fat.
Did you jam it?
I think I burst a blood, I think I burst a blood vessel.
I jammed my middle finger and it's swollen for that reason.
But this one I think is a blood vessel and it's, it's tight.
Yeah.
Those arm bars scare me.
Whenever I see that, I'm just like, I can just see wrong so easily.
My fear is that like as a dumb white belt, I won't even know it's coming and like somebody
will injure me before I even have a chance to react to like I'm too slow and I'll just
be like, this is fine and then I'm, I'm dead.
Somebody passed out the other day, like from a choke, somebody got a choke on them and
they passed out.
They didn't tap and they passed out.
Wow.
That was like my story when I didn't know how to tap out.
I didn't know what I was tapping out.
Yeah.
I never passed out though.
I came close.
I definitely saw like the edges in my vision starting to black out.
It's, it is like a thing that I told myself, like, I don't know anything.
So if I feel any pain, I'm just going to tap, but then once you get in the heat of the
moment, you're like, I can get out of this.
I got this.
Like somebody had me in a, a choke with the guillotine, I think they call it.
And they like fall back and, and I resisted so hard that now I'm just like all those
muscles in my neck or so, I never use them.
Like I just hold my head up, you know, so sleeping's hard, we're just getting old.
That's okay.
It's okay.
It's fine.
It's just everything hurts all the time.
I had so much I wanted to do in life.
I turned 37 this month.
Did you know this?
Was it turned or you?
My birthday is, I turn in like 12 days.
When's your birthday?
Should I tell you?
Oh, I don't know.
You can tell me in private if you can't say it in public.
Well, I, I used to have, no, okay.
It's August 20th.
I don't care.
I used to have it on my Twitter profile.
And I was told it's kind of a security thing.
You don't put your birthday out there.
All right.
People can like steal your identity easier or something.
Yeah.
At this point, I feel like identity theft is so easy to pull off where if you're targeted,
like there's no stopping it, like it's just so easy to look up anything.
Yeah.
And this is what I hate about, because in America, when you need to prove your identity
to someone, they ask you what's your social security number.
Yeah.
Then you give them your social security number, which is both your username and your password.
So when you give it to them, now you have to rely on them never, ever losing it.
And it's every person you've ever given it to.
Yeah.
You think of all the people along the chain that passed that information along?
It's out there.
It's just a dumb system.
But like the public, private key pair concept was built.
Like you have something that is secret to you.
You can sign something and give it to someone else.
They can prove that it's you, but they don't ever get your secret thing.
Yeah.
Like we need to switch to that at some point because social security, because it's just
getting ridiculous because now, now everyone knows that those security number on its own
is not enough.
So they ask for like three other things on top of it.
And then that's me for the things and five other things.
And it just, it just gets to a place where it's an arms race.
Yeah.
It's very annoying.
I hate it.
Yeah.
I don't, please don't steal my identity.
Now I'm just fearful that one of our listeners is like, oh, it would be easy to steal out
of my identity.
Please don't do that.
That would be great.
But then you'd have to be Adam.
And do you really want that?
Yeah.
Do you really want my identity?
Exactly.
Come on down.
Man, I really do.
We've said we've talked about this too much, but I really do wish I could be anonymous.
Is it too late to go anonymous?
Really recording a podcast?
Please figure that out.
Yeah, but like, but our name doesn't have to be on it.
I mean, our name is not tomorrow.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I feel like it's too late.
But I don't know.
It's too late.
I mean, you can start over.
You can like be like, guys, I'm retiring and you come back as someone else and nobody
knows it's you.
I've thought about that.
I've basically already retired.
I mean, I haven't streamed or done anything public and upside from this in a while.
I could just disappear.
Yeah.
But then people would know what I look like.
Okay.
I grow my hair out.
I wear glasses all the time.
I talk about totally different stuff, not tech.
I'd have to come back in some other field.
You don't know those arcs.
Because the players that want to make a problem, the moment anyone from the Ozarks signs up
and shows up on tech Twitter, it's you.
Yeah, it's over.
Yeah.
But it goes.
Okay.
So I just, I got to go into a new thing.
I'll just be, I'll get into cooking or something.
I don't know.
Are we still calling it Twitter?
Are we calling it X?
I haven't even thought about this.
I was trying earlier to be all proper and be like X.com and posting and it's hard though.
I'm going to say Twitter forever.
I can see myself switching to word posting.
Something about saying a single letter.
Yeah, it's weird.
Like find me on X.com.
That just sounds dirty too.
But you're throwing the dick.
Yeah.
You can find my profile on X.com.
It's not even like it redirects to Twitter still, right?
Like it's not even the one thing that's remained is the URL is still Twitter.com.
I think.
Yeah.
I feel like they should have done what if they really wanted to do this, just do what Facebook
does where they're like Instagram, a Facebook company or what's up, a Facebook company,
Twitter and X. Like they could still have the X company as this umbrella for Twitter,
but still call the product Twitter.
It is weird to me.
It's weird to change the name from Twitter after 16, 17 years, whatever it was.
Yeah.
Like, but what do I know?
You know, I want to challenge it, but it's like, I don't know, I don't have billions
of dollars.
I'm not smart.
There's a few examples of, I can't remember any of my head right now, but I was looking
into this.
There's a few examples of some giant companies that have went through a name change and then
reverted it back a few years later.
Because it just cause like an irreparable.
Could that happen?
I don't know if it'll happen.
Literally, my lesson with Twitter is it is literally unkillable, like you can do whatever
you want with it.
Yeah.
I do wonder like what you would have to do to meaningfully drop usage because I feel like
yeah.
Literally nothing.
There's nothing you can do.
I mean, I've not been using it as much, but that's not related to the rebrand.
Like, that's not slowed me down at all, I guess.
Like, it's weird to see it on my home screen, the black and white and the X.
It's a little weird, but it's fine.
I'm not going to stop using it because of it.
Did you see the payouts that people have been getting?
Yeah.
The company that I worked for is a rather large Twitter account that gets a rather large number
of impressions every month.
Oh, you guys.
And it's very interesting.
Yeah.
So we'll see.
We'll get like 150 million a month.
It's funny because I never thought about company accounts because obviously there's some giant
company accounts that are like, that is very interesting.
Yeah.
People have been posting how much they're making, it's obviously like really tiny numbers, bigger
than you'd expect for just posting on Twitter, but they're bigger than you expect.
But aren't those, aren't those payouts that I read?
They're from like February or something.
It's like a back page.
It's not like per month.
It's not going to be like a monthly thing.
Yeah.
Because it wouldn't have made sense to me.
Some of the numbers I saw, like if people were getting paid that a month, there's no way
Twitter's making enough to cover some of those things.
So it makes sense of it several months.
Yeah.
I try to do some calculations.
It seems like it's a two cent CPM.
Oh, that's helpful.
Yeah.
Wait, M stands for Millie, which is 1,000.
It just makes no sense to me.
I guess I'm not into the metric thing.
I wish I was.
Well, I was an ad tech, I always thought it's so confusing.
Yeah.
So two cents every thousand impressions?
Yeah, because the thing is, it's not, it's like so much of an estimate.
I'm just like guessing based off of the things people posted, plus it's not literally, they're
not literally paying you for every tweet impression.
They pay for ad impressions.
So theoretically a tweet impression correlates ad impressions, but like, I don't know, you
might post something that where people read a lot of the comments a lot more than something
else.
Yeah.
I see.
And the comments would have more ads.
So yeah, it's, it's still an approximation, but that's not terrible.
Like, I think, so I think I, I didn't qualify for it.
I, I think the qualification is you need 15 million impressions over three months.
I had 13 million.
So I was close.
Oh, wow.
So you're going to be rolling in Twitter cash soon.
I mean, ex cash, that sounds real dirty.
I mean, I think I could make like 40 bucks a month based off of my last three months.
That's pay for your Twitter blue or your ex blue or whatever.
You take out that, that I'm making like 30 bucks a month, which covers your profit.
What do I, what do I have that cost?
Not even a pizza.
Man, stuff is expensive now.
I actually noticed prices when I travel and like stuff, I, I got Uber eats one night.
No joke.
I got Uber eats.
It was a single entree, okay.
And okay, maybe a side, an entree and a side, and it was like $72.
Oh my God.
I went back and I looked and then they didn't even send me the side.
They just sent me the office, which I got it refunded, but I, I went through the ticket
and like, cause I was sending there with friends and it was like, how is one meal, $72?
And I went through and it was like the sub total, like the actual food was like $38.
Yeah.
I was literally like as much money in the four different random fees as well.
I know.
I just booked it.
I just put the flag.
Cause I'm visiting my parents and granted we booked it really late, which is really stupid.
And every time we do this, we're like, next time we'll book it early and then we don't.
Yeah.
But yeah, like we're going from Miami to New Jersey and it's like over $1,000 round
trip.
Oh, ready for a rant.
Okay.
Something has happened to flight tickets and I hate it.
So do you guys remember at some points, these, uh, quote, quote, quote, a budget airlines
started popping up like spirit frontier.
I don't know if they have them.
Allegiant.
Allegiance.
Okay.
So ours is a legion.
Yeah.
You said, do you guys remember who else are you talking to?
You talking to me?
Just me?
Just people in our audience.
Oh, do people that listen?
Okay.
It's actually we have a Twitch chat, whatever.
That's true.
Yeah.
Okay.
Uh, when you would search for flights, their prices would be so much lower than everyone
else's because every single part of the flight was an add on literally picking your seat
cost money.
Yeah.
You literally have to buy your seat.
Oh, you want to carry a personal item on?
That'll be $15.
Yeah.
So okay.
I was okay.
Fine.
It's good to have that option because theoretically, like when I came, when I came to vitzvit, you guys in, uh,
where do we go?
Saint Pete.
So that was nice because it was like, we're flying the morning coming back in the evening.
We were carrying nothing.
You don't need.
Yeah.
So we don't pay for all the extra stuff.
So I liked the option, but of course it's like this game theory scenario where now all
the other airlines are like, wait, what the hell?
Like they're always showing it was the cheapest option.
So now all the airlines are doing this.
So now when I'm trying to book this flight, none of the prices were real.
Every single airline, I tried every single airline.
They have just a crazy amount of fees tacked on and it was probably almost twice as expensive
when you could actually check out.
So just like the world is worse now.
Yeah.
How do you, is that something that can be combated?
Like, can there be legislation that's like final price of anything?
I don't care what it is.
Plain tickets, Uber Eats can't be more than 75% of the thing or something.
Can we, can we put some limits here?
This is like a big part of having our system work.
Like you need to be able to discover prices, discover accurate prices easily.
It's like the key thing you need to have like a capitalist system work.
So this is like completely eroding that.
So yeah, I think this is one of the areas I'm like pretty like not into regulation generally,
but this is a place where I'm just like, you need, you can't just have people making up
prices that have no correlation to what people actually get.
Yeah, there's got to be some penalty for that.
I would thank you.
Yeah.
So yeah, it's a booking plane ticket.
It's just garbage now.
So yeah, we ended up paying so much for this, this trip.
Yeah.
I'm used to having to pay a lot for flights because it from Springfield, we connect anywhere
we go, which means, I don't know, it's not double, but it's like, I think my flights are
generally more expensive.
I can remember being on the West Coast for a while when we're fundraising and it's like,
oh, flights are so cheap.
Like I can fly somewhere for $150.
That's a thing.
Yeah.
I mean, New York to Miami, I've gotten for $150.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
Not in New York.
We paid like five or 600 round trip for each of us this time, but yeah, it's painful.
Wait, so you just went to New York?
No, I'm going.
I'm going this weekend.
Oh, you're going this weekend.
So you bought the tickets.
What are you doing in New York?
Why?
Why is this going to Jersey?
We're actually not going to New York, but my parents live in New Jersey.
So we're going to just visit them for a weekend.
They're doing like a little thing.
Let's just parents are actually going to are you going to stop by your, your, your apartment?
Check it out.
Make sure everything looks.
I mean, someone that's there.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm just in town.
I thought I'd check out the place.
Make sure everything's in your bed for a little while.
Just for the memories.
Could I just maybe, I'll say about a couch even, man, it was hard to leave that apartment.
Like we just had so many memories in it.
So when we were leaving, it was, it was hard, but then it felt hard.
And then the tenant wanted it painted a different color that she, they were like painting it
as we were leaving.
Yeah.
And it wasn't hot.
It was not a good color.
It's so much easier to leave.
We're like, okay.
This just isn't our apartment anymore.
So it was a lot easier.
That helps.
Yeah.
I don't have a lot of childhood nostalgia anymore because our house burned down.
Oh, really?
After we, after we had already left, I got struck by lightning and burned around.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
So it's kind of symbolic of like, there goes my childhood.
It's all in the past now.
I can't go back and visit, can't like, it's just like there's a new house there.
And it's kind of wild.
Were people living in it when it got to the lightning?
They were all fine, but, but yeah, we had a neighbor get struck by lightning.
Uh, in this neighborhood, like, not them, their house, and it blew a huge hole in the
roof.
And it was like in the middle of rainstorm.
So obviously that's problematic.
Uh, but he owns a roofing business.
So we had like people over pretty fast and like they were patching it with stuff, but
they just put a tarp or whatever.
But he, he described it as like, when they were in the house when it happened, like sockets
blew out of the walls, like electrical sockets shot out of the walls in their upper room where
it hit the ceiling.
Just some wild stuff that sounds very terrifying.
Never been really scared, strike that close.
There's a show called How To With John Wilson.
It's a incredibly, incredibly weird show.
Uh, it's on HBO.
The guy basically he lives in New York.
And I think every single day of his life, he just goes out with a camera and just walks
around to like every crevice and corner of New York with the camera on.
So he basically captures like all this really crazy footage.
Yeah.
So in Hinesight, like create like a narrative to like teach you something about New York.
It's like, it's like exaggerated in a joke, but yeah, it'll be like, you know, trying
to find a bathroom in New York, but it's like, and he'll have like a bunch of footage of
him, like trying to get to a bathroom, like he'll like narrate stuff and he'll just find
all these little clips that go with what he's narrating.
It's incredibly, incredibly well done, but he always ends up in these situations where
he finds like the weirdest people and somehow he's like in their house and they're talking
to all this really weird stuff.
One of the one of the people I remember was there was a guy again, I don't know if this
is true.
The funniest part of the show is he'll be the main topic will be something else.
And he'll somehow come across a person that just has like the craziest story somehow under
the place like now relates to the main topic.
So I remember the topic was, but he randomly wanted to talk to a guy about something very
normal.
And the guy was like, Oh, yeah, I got struck by lightning twice.
And he explains how he was like sitting in his bed on the phone and it like came through
the wire and like blew him off this bed at the ceiling.
And he talked about like how long it took for him to like go through physical therapy
and recover and whatever.
And then it happened to him again, and I'm just like, what the like, how do you perceive
the universe and life after that?
Oh, no kidding.
Have you been struck twice?
Yeah.
I mean, it's true.
Like even ones is insane and like getting hit again.
I do know someone that was struck by lightning and they it's somebody that like older guy,
very respectable in the community would not make it up.
Like I just am convinced he really was struck it was struck in the thigh out in the field
doing something.
I think he had a farm.
He was fine.
I mean, like, I think he had like a scar and it was obviously like a lot of pain, but
they can kill him.
I just thought you start by lightning.
You're you're gone, right?
But apparently not.
Yeah.
I've been such crazy lightning here lately and it's so like I said the other day, it's
been knocking stuff off of our shelves, like it's out loud.
And I'm imagining getting used by whatever is making that noise.
Yeah.
It's like the Voldemort thing, just walk away like Harry Potter.
No big deal.
That'd be a really cool story to be a like if you could survive being struck by lightning.
Just think you get to tell that story for the rest of your life.
That's fun.
So I assumed you only you like can't get hit this thing taller than you around.
Is that like a stupid myth?
I have no idea.
I mean, it seems like good like a heuristic that you don't want to be the tallest thing
around.
Yeah.
But how big of a radius like a five foot radius, a half a mile radius, like are you the tallest
thing in this, you know, I'm saying like if you got hit in a field, that makes sense because
maybe yeah, because he's probably the tallest thing around.
But there's probably trees, you know, somewhere and yeah, a hundred yard radius or something.
We're getting really into stuff.
We don't know anything about.
Well, I was trying to think like when I was listening to this guy saying I hit twice,
I'm like, okay, can this happen to me?
I'm literally never, I'm literally never around like, I'm never the tallest thing around.
I'm always surrounded by a bunch of trees that are like a few feet away from me or like
buildings or something.
When I was in my apartment in New York, I had a really great view of the World Trade Center.
And shortly after I moved in there, I was sitting at my desk, I was like looking outside
at night, and I see a lightning bolt hit the top of the World Trade Center.
Like on the thing, I was like, this is insane.
Like no one's going to believe I saw this.
And it turns out it just happens like all the time.
Super common.
It's just a thing.
Yeah.
And that's why they build those, those like little, those things.
Those rods, they really get used.
It's not like just in case because I would have thought it was just like a just in case
thing, but it's like an active thing you can always get to.
It's really, there's so many pictures of it too.
I was like, this is so rare, but no, it's not.
It's interesting.
Like if you're, if you build the tallest building, now the freedom tower, I guess, is the top,
is that's the tallest building in New York?
Yeah.
You build the tallest building, like all the other buildings, they can take their lightning
rods down.
It's like, I don't know.
It's true.
That one's even struck.
It's funny.
Only the top one needs it.
Yeah.
Don't, don't, don't, like don't count on that, I guess.
Stay safe people.
I don't.
Yeah.
I mean, the Empire State Building still has its thing.
It looks, it looks naked when you remove it, you know, it's like it's designed with that
in purpose.
Yeah.
Mind for sure.
It's funny about New York.
And I guess a lot of major cities is like the whole thing where you can have like a
fantastic view and then someone just builds a bigger building and you're now looking at
a wall.
The side of a building?
Yeah.
That's like such a crazy dynamic to me.
And there's like these air rights and like people arguing over in.
Are there, are there any other major buildings going up in Manhattan?
Like is there any skyline altering towers that you're aware of?
Yeah, there's, there's, there's pretty much always a few.
They don't build them.
Okay.
So lately what they've been doing, they've been building really skinny buildings that
are super, super tall.
So like the traditional buildings you think of in New York, like they're just massive
in every direction.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Big, big powers.
Yeah.
But now they're like buying smaller plots of land and just building these things where you're
just like, how is that?
It seems unsafe.
Yeah.
That does not seem safe.
Like the world's most expensive apartment is in one of these buildings overlooking Central
Park and it is just so narrow.
Like every floor is a whole apartment.
And that's it.
Oof.
Don't love that trend.
Yeah.
And they sway.
It's true.
They do sway.
Yeah.
Even the bigger, like the bigger ones, like the freedom tower, is it swaying?
I mean, you stand to the ground and look up and you can see them sway and you think this
is not the illusion.
And it's like, no, it's not.
It's actually not an optical illusion.
It's.
It's awful.
I, I don't do cities.
That's why I live in the woods.
Neosarks.
Yeah.
This, I mean, it's funny because this, this show that I was just talking about, I like
watching it because I'm like, Oh, I can reminisce about living in New York, but he just makes
it look so disgusting.
Like he just makes it because it's a comedic and exaggerated and I'm like, did I really
live there?
Like that is so gross.
I mean, it is disgusting.
Just from an outside perspective, every time I go to New York, compared to any other
city.
It's so grimy feeling.
I just feel like when I get out of the streets of New York, I've been like coded in something.
I don't know if it's car exhaust, whatever it is.
It's weird because my entire time living in New York, growing up in New Jersey, visiting
New York, I never once felt gross.
Like people are always like, it's gross and it smells like garbage.
I just literally don't know what they're talking about, but I know it's a me thing because when
I walk around and try to notice it, I'm like, Oh shit, there's like literally trash everywhere.
It smells like trash.
You can see trash.
Yeah.
In the summer, like the heat and the trash day and like, yeah, I can see why people say
it smells like trash, but I don't know if I've ever been there in the winter.
I think I've only ever been there in hot months and it was sweltering and like, I'm wearing
a button up shirt, like a collared shirt for the only time in my life because I'm in New
York for some reason and it's just disgusting.
And yeah, I just feel like there's like a layer of something caked on my skin that I
can peel off in the hotel.
It's gross.
And the hotels are tiny, like that's, that's not a normal hotel room.
It's like a Sheraton or whatever, but what it's like half of a room, if that paid the
same price.
Super annoying.
There is.
So I think it's hard to experience this specific thing unless you live there, but there's
a single day every year that everyone knows about this.
Everyone knows that their nose.
When I describe, they know what they're going to know what I'm talking about.
It's in the spring, basically, you have like the worst months of your whole life because
it's freezing, dark, cold, winter.
Everyone hates everything.
Then there's this day that shows up and it's like the first nice day and yeah, it's like
literally it feels like this is like what heaven would literally feel like everyone cuts out
from work at 3 p.m.
Everyone just outside.
There's people on skateboards, like people are holding flowers for some reason.
It's happy.
I think there's like music playing in the background somehow.
It's just like this magical day where it's like the perfect weather and it's like the
first sign that the misery of winter is over.
And that is like New York is incredible in that zone, like in that spring, spring time
when things are warming up.
Yeah.
But yeah, most people, I don't think it's like hard to, it's like unlikely you would
have traveled in that, in that exact window.
That little window.
Yeah.
We have that in the Ozarks too, by the way.
We have that first day when things, it's like everything is blossomed overnight and
everything is amazing.
And then like the next week it's 95 and 100% community, like we get no spring or fall.
They're like a week long where there's really nice weather and then it's crazy again.
It's just, we get the extremes.
Yeah.
New York spring and fall are people's favorites.
I actually like the summer too, just because it's like, I like don't mind the heat.
But yeah, spring and fall are people's favorites and they do lassawa and also that the trees
changing color and New York has a good amount of trees, we've are not.
So it does change the vibe of the whole city when it's a fall.
Yeah.
Like yeah, I guess Central Park, that's a bunch of deciduous trees, they're turning colors
in the fall.
That's nice.
Yeah.
I never liked the fall because I hate winter so much and to me fall as a first sign that
winter's around the corner.
I love fall so much.
I think I thought like it was a trope to love fall but I just, I get very excited toward
the end of summer because fall is probably my favorite.
I think the thing about fall, I get what you're saying, I don't like the dead of the winter
but after fall, you've got all the holidays, like you've got Thanksgiving and Halloween
and Christmas and like, to me, that's a very exciting time of year, especially with kids.
The fall is just like this warm up.
It's really nice.
It's like things cooling off.
We're doing stuff with pumpkins and we're decorating with oranges and reds.
It's a good time.
It's really pretty here in the Ozarks, like the color of the trees are nice.
Yeah.
I mean, now that you're describing it, I'm like, oh, that does sound really nice.
I'm like getting all these memories.
Yeah.
Warm drinks, like cider.
Good time.
But here's the thing.
This is not going to be a thing for me anymore.
I grew up the whole, my whole life on the northeast where this is a thing.
You've got no seasons.
And now, yeah, it's funny though.
Liz always complains about this.
She's like, the prop, she's like, the northeast has a monopoly on, I don't know which is, it's
either, she says that's either full or like on Christmas or on holidays where everyone
does the northeast version of holidays.
So we'll like put up a Christmas tree up here in an environment where like, what the
hell is a Christmas tree doing here?
People will like want to wear sweaters and do like false sweater things.
But like, that doesn't make any sense here.
So she wishes that we would just like figure out, we can still celebrate the same holidays.
Like figure out like a more native version of it, but yet a whole world just celebrates
northeast Thanksgiving and northeast Christmas.
Yeah.
Well, I don't consider it northeast when I live in the Ozarks.
We get all those seasons.
So I, but sure.
Yeah.
That's true.
We all celebrate New York's holidays.
That's right.
Like our pumpkins are turning.
Are they like local?
Because to me, like, like all those like pumpkins and squash and that's a very northeast
specific, uh, no, we, we grow all that stuff.
Yeah.
Here in the Ozarks.
There's a huge pumpkin field like two minutes from my house.
I've already grow it.
Like you can not, you don't see pumpkins, but like the plants, they grow so many pumpkins
and it's stupid because like they're selling them, but they sell like 10% of them and the
rest of them just get tilled in the ground for next year.
Like that it's just giant field and then like seriously, they will sell next to none
of them.
So it's kind of.
I'm always confused by this.
Uh, do they literally just grow them for Halloween or like how much of them are they selling
throughout the year?
Uh, I mean, like it's not just Halloween.
And I think it's like all the fall season, like we go to pumpkin patches a lot around
here.
Yeah.
Like that's, so they like, that's a pumpkin patch where you can go pick your own pumpkin.
Uh, and we eat it.
We make pies with pumpkins.
Like we do all the stuff you can do with pumpkins and maybe not all the stuff that anyone should
do with pumpkins.
I don't know.
I'm going to start.
That just sounds dirty too.
I like pumpkin pie.
So I'm, I'm a fan of fan of pumpkins.
Oh, pumpkin pie is so good.
It's the best.
Yeah.
I do have something called, I haven't been to this because I don't know what it is.
So I might be making this up entirely.
I have heard people here in Miami talking about pumpkin patch and the fall they go to
pumpkin patch in Miami, huh?
But they're not saying let's go to a pumpkin patch or let's go to the pumpkin patch.
They're saying we're going to go to pumpkin patch.
Go to pumpkin patch.
I'm sorry.
I'm pretty sure it's just a theme park that is what fall, not really a theme park.
I think it's just kind of like fall themed, like all year round in Miami, you can go to
the pumpkin patch theme park and you get a little taste to fall.
That sounds nice.
It's something like that.
Cause I'm like, there's no, there's like no, I don't think you can grow a pumpkin in
this planet.
Like, I don't think that's a literal pumpkin patch.
I think it's just some kind of like, not carnival, something, just one of those like little,
little things.
Yeah.
That sounds fun.
I have seen this like, was that really, this was in New York.
It was in, it was a display of like alternative Christmas tree concepts.
And there was like one, like palm trees, they're, they're so shaped like, they were so shaped
like Christmas trees, but they were like made out of like, more tropical plants.
Yeah.
And so it looked really cool.
And I was like, okay, this is what we should do down here.
We should have these like, they can still be the Christmas tree shaped, like that's iconic,
but they don't have to be made out of.
They don't have to be free.
We shipped in from the Northeast, strapped to a truck.
It's so sad.
And it really feels because like in, in the Northeast, we would go to a farm and then cut
down the tree, like a tree that was growing.
Yeah.
Cut it down.
Right.
And I'm sure you guys have done that.
Yeah.
But if you're in Miami, you're shipping them in from Canada or something.
Right.
In, in Miami, you go, this tent pops up at the parking lot of the Home Depot.
And there's all these, these trees that there's like pre rafting, like that tree wrap that
just looked like it was captured from the wild.
Oh, trees.
Yeah.
Just ship down here and squeeze.
And then you go and you, you like unwrap it in your house and look, it looks, it looks
terrible.
It's a crap, like half the trees missing.
I mean, that's the price you pay for living in a beautiful place like Miami.
Yeah.
We just don't get our Christmas trees.
Like we did.
We did the Christmas tree thing.
Like two years ago when we were just here for a couple of months.
And I was like, I don't think I want to do this anymore.
Like it just felt wrong.
That's funny.
I really got to pee.
So I think we got to end it.
All right.
And that was very abrupt.
I'm sorry.
I was really enjoying the Christmas Eve banter.
If I didn't have to pee out, enjoy it so much more.
Can you tell I'm squirming?
You're just doing the thing.
All right.
We'll talk about Thursday.
Cool.
Good to see you.
See you.